samples: openthread: provide certification overlay file for nRF53 (#3745)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thread_certification.rst

>       The overlay file selects the precompiled OpenThread libraries by default.
>       It also enables :ref:`multiprotocol support <ug_multiprotocol_support>` with Bluetooth LE advertising.
> 
>    .. note::
>       The nRF53 Series devices do not support multiprotocol yet. For those devices please use the file named ``ocerlay-cert-nrf53.conf``.
> 

Reviewer: We should not have two consecutive notes.

```suggestion
      The overlay file selects the precompiled OpenThread libraries.
      
      For nRF52 Series devices, use :file:`harness/overlay-cert.conf`.
      This file also enables :ref:`multiprotocol support <ug_multiprotocol_support>` with Bluetooth LE advertising.

      For nRF53 Series devices, use :file:`harness/overlay-cert-nrf53.conf`.
      This file does not enable multiprotocol support, because there is no multiprotocol support for nRF53 Series devices yet.

```

Author: Thanks, changed.
